sample question :
0:Write a query  to display all the bank details.

Solution : select * from BANK_INFO;

1.*Write a query which will display the customer id, account type they hold, their account number and bank name.

Solution : 

2.*Write a query which will display the customer id, account type and the account number of HDFC customers who registered after 12-JAN-2012 and before 04-APR-2012.

3.*Write a query which will display the customer id, customer name, account no, account type and bank name where the customers hold the account.

4.*Write a query which will display the customer id, customer name, gender, marital status along with the unique reference string and
 sort the records based on customer id in descending order. 
Hint:  Generate unique reference string as mentioned below
:
CustomerName_Gender_MaritalStatus
 Example 
 C-005           KUMAR              M                 SINGLE            KUMAR_M_SINGLE

Use ""UNIQUE_REF_STRING"" as alias name for displaying the unique reference string."

5.*Write a query which will display the account number, customer id, registration date, initial deposit amount of the customer
 whose initial deposit amount is within the range of Rs.15000 to Rs.25000.

6.*Write a query which will display customer id, customer name, date of birth, guardian name of the customers whose name starts with 'J'.

7.Write a query to display the customer id, customer name, date of birth, guardian name, contact number, 
mail id, reference name who has been referenced by 'RAGHUL'.

8.*Write a query which will display the customer id, customer name, date of birth, Marital Status, Gender, Guardian name, 
contact no and email id of the customers whose gender is male 'M' and marital status is MARRIED.

9.*Write a query which will display the customer id, customer name, guardian name, reference account holders name of the customers 
who are referenced / referred by their 'FRIEND'.

10.*Write a query to display the customer id, account number and interest amount in the below format with INTEREST_AMT as alias name
 Sort the result based on the INTEREST_AMT in ascending order.  <BR/>Example: 
$5<BR/>Hint: Need to prefix $ to interest amount and round the result without decimals.
 
11.*Write a query which will display the customer id, customer name, account no, account type, activation date,
 bank name whose account will be activated on '10-APR-2012'

12.*Write a query which will display account number, customer id, customer name, bank name, branch name, ifsc code
, citizenship, interest and initial deposit amount of all the customers.

13.*Write a query which will display customer id, customer name, date of birth, guardian name, contact number,
 mail id and reference account holder's name of the customers who has submitted the passport as an identification document.

14.*Write a query to display the customer id, customer name, account number, account type, initial deposit, 
interest who have deposited maximum amount in the bank.

15.*Write a query to display the customer id, customer name, account number, account type, interest, bank name 
and initial deposit amount of the customers who are getting maximum interest rate.

16.Write a query to display the customer id, customer name, account no, bank name, contact no 
and mail id of the customers who are from BANGALORE.

17.Write a query which will display customer id, bank name, branch name, ifsc code, registration date, 
activation date of the customers whose activation date is in the month of march (March 1'st to March 31'st).

